- 2012-12-03 -
Q: How to install Speech AWARE demo package?
A: step 1: unzip the package to your PC
   step 2: make sure your device is connected to your PC
   step 3: run adbpush.sh( if windows, change adbpush.sh to adbpush.bat ), it will push all needed binary into your device
   step 4: type command "adb shell" to login device console
   step 5: To use WakeOnVoice demo launch wakeonvoice_server in background is needed, as:
           $ wakeonvoice_server &
   step 6: To use Speaker Verification demo launch speakerverification_server in background is needed, as:
           $ speakerverification_server &

Q: How to use Speech AWARE demo package?
A: To use Wake On Voice demo:
   step 1: click WakeOnVoice icon in your device
   step 2: enroll your keyword by clicking "Enroll command" button, pls MAKE SURE:
           a. after enroll, you need click "Review command" to playback your enrolled keyword. If not as your expectation, pls enroll again.
   step 3: start recognition by clicking microphone icon in the bottom of UI, and say your enrolled command or other keywords to test demo.

   To use Speaker Verification demo:
   step 1: click SpeakerVerification icon in your device
   step 2: enroll your keyword by clicking "Enroll new user" button, and an dialog window will pop out to require you to input your name, just
           input your name and click "confirm". After click "confirm", pls read the text in screen, and press "Stop enroll" button after you finished.
           Application need take 1~2 minutes to generate speaker model based on the enroollment speech. A pop-up window will show while enroll success.
           After enrollment, you can press "Go to verification" button to verification page. You can also directly press "Go to verification" button
           if you enrolled yourself before.
   step 3: click the spinner to select your name, and press "Start verification" button to say something, or if you don't know what to say, we supply a
           text in screen, you can just read it. After you said, pls press "Stop verification" button. If you are the legitimate user you declared, phone
           phone will utter "yes lord" to welcome you; else phone will utter "hello intruder" to mock on you.
   step 4: you also can press "Go to enrollment" button to back to enrollment page.

Q: How to use demo's voice unlock feature?
A: Currently, our Wake On Voice demo supply voice unlock feature.
   step 1: launch WakeOnVoiceDemo as Q2 showed.
   step 2: press power button while "recognition" icon is on, and this will let phone into sleep state with screen off.
   step 3: say your keyword, and if match, screen will on and keyguard will unlock the phone with a voice "yes sir, welcome back".

Q: Any known issues?
A: 1. It's found that Jellybean ALSA driver has about 5~10 seconds latency to be opened,
      so pls wait 5~10 seconds after press "Start Recognition" or "Start Enrollment" button for ALSA open audio devices.
      It's supposed be a audio driver optimization issue, since we didn't find this issue in ICS builds.
   2. Also it's found that Jellybean ALSA driver is not so stable, "write I/O error" issue is often found, and in this case, you only can reboot your phone to make demo work.
   3. For speaker verification demo, the first TTS utterance will not said even we found correct result form server, AudioStreamOutAlsa will print log "wait_pcm timeout", and
      after first time, all go well, we suppose it's not JAVA code issue, so we will not fix it.

Q: Install fail with "INSTALL_PARSE_FAILED_INCONSISTENT_CERTIFICATES"
A: This is mostly because you have a same apk in your phone which didn't build in the same machine with current apk, just find the old one and uninstall it will OK.


